{\rtf1\fbidis\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset1 Segoe UI Symbol;}{\f1\fnil Calibri;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset1 Segoe UI Emoji;}{\f4\fnil\fcharset1 Segoe UI Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.17763}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\f0\fs22\lang9\u-10179?\u-8947?\f1  \f2 What is Spoofing (STRIDE)?\par
\par
Spoofing refers to an attacker pretending to be someone (or something) they\f1\rquote\f2 re not, typically to gain unauthorized access.\par
\par
In backend systems (especially .NET APIs), spoofing targets authentication, identity assertion, or trust boundaries.\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8921?\f1  \f2 Backend Threat Review \f1\endash  \f2 Spoofing Focus\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8959?\f1  \f2 Step-by-Step Threat Review Process\par
Step\tab What to Review\tab Tools / Techniques\par
\f3 1\u-497?\f4\u8419?\f2\tab Authentication flow\tab Review how tokens/credentials are issued and validated\par
\f3 2\u-497?\f4\u8419?\f2\tab Entry points\tab Identify all APIs that require identity validation\par
\f3 3\u-497?\f4\u8419?\f2\tab Trust assumptions\tab Verify what the backend trusts from frontend, headers, tokens\par
\f3 4\u-497?\f4\u8419?\f2\tab Token validation logic\tab Inspect JWT parsing and verification code\par
\f3 5\u-497?\f4\u8419?\f2\tab External integration points\tab Check SSO, OAuth, or identity providers for proper validation\par
\f3 6\u-497?\f4\u8419?\f2\tab Logs and traceability\tab Ensure failed/successful auth attempts are logged\par
\f0\u-10178?\u-8728?\f1  \f2 Common Backend Spoofing Threats + Controls\par
#\tab Threat\tab How It Happens\tab\f4\u9989?\f1  \f2 Mitigating Controls\par
1\tab Forged JWT\tab Attacker crafts a fake token (e.g., with a known key or none)\tab\f0\u-10179?\u-8944?\f1  \f2 Validate JWT signature, issuer (iss), audience (aud), expiration (exp), and alg (use HS256/RS256 appropriately)\par
2\tab Token with elevated claims\tab Adds "role": "admin" to token payload\tab\f0\u-10179?\u-8944?\f1  \f2 Never trust token claims blindly; verify user privileges server-side from DB if needed\par
3\tab Replay of stolen token\tab Token intercepted or reused\tab\f4\u9203?\f1  \f2 Use short-lived tokens, rotate refresh tokens, and monitor reuse\par
4\tab Trusting client headers (e.g., X-UserId)\tab Attacker adds spoofed headers in request\tab\f4\u10060?\f1  \f2 Never trust user identity from headers; derive identity from token only\par
5\tab Lack of [Authorize] on API endpoints\tab Sensitive endpoint accessible without auth\tab\f0\u-10179?\u-8942?\f1  \f2 Use [Authorize] and [Authorize(Roles = "...")] attributes appropriately\par
6\tab Improper OAuth / SSO flow\tab Backend trusts user identity without verifying access token\tab\f0\u-10179?\u-8944?\f1  \f2 Validate access tokens with identity provider (e.g., Okta, Azure AD)\par
7\tab Credential stuffing\tab Reuse of known username/password combos\tab\f0\u-10178?\u-8719?\f1  \f2 Enable rate-limiting, CAPTCHA, and Multi-Factor Authentication (MFA)\par
8\tab Shared API keys\tab API key reused or leaked\tab\f0\u-10179?\u-8943?\f1  \f2 Prefer OAuth2 tokens over API keys; rotate keys; scope API keys tightly\par
\f4\u9989?\f1  \f2 Best Practices & Defensive Controls\par
Area\tab Recommendation\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8944?\f1  \f2 Authentication\tab Use standards like OAuth2, OIDC, SAML\par
\f3\u-10179?\u-8843?\u-497?\f1  \f2 Token Validation\tab Use libraries like Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens or System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt\par
\f0\u-10178?\u-8723?\f1  \f2 Claims Handling\tab Don\f1\rquote\f2 t trust claims from token for critical authorization decisions\f1\emdash\f2 verify from backend or user DB\par
\f0\u-10178?\u-8719?\f1  \f2 Access Control\tab Implement Role-Based Access Control (RBAC) at API level\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8996?\f1  \f2 Logging\tab Log failed logins, invalid tokens, and suspicious login patterns\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-9015?\f1  \f2 Monitoring\tab Alert on token anomalies (e.g., tokens from new geo/IP locations)\par
\f0\u-10180?\u-8432?\f1  \f2 TLS Everywhere\tab Enforce HTTPS and HSTS to prevent token interception\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8947?\f1  \f2 Code Review Checklist for Spoofing\par
\f4\u9989?\f2\tab Check\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8942?\f2\tab Is [Authorize] applied to every sensitive API?\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8943?\f2\tab Are JWTs validated for signature, issuer, audience, expiration?\par
\f4\u10060?\f2\tab Is any part of user identity coming from request headers or body?\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8510?\f2\tab Are roles/claims validated before privileged actions?\par
\f4\u9203?\f2\tab Are tokens time-bound and revocable?\par
\f0\u-10178?\u-8706?\f2\tab Are login attempts, auth failures, and token reuse logged?\par
\par
\par
\par
So in this case, lets focus on backend changes, what are some of the possible ways to review threats related to Tampering and its mitigating controls \par
ChatGPT said:\par
\par
Great \f1\emdash  \f2 let's focus on Tampering threats in the backend (e.g., .NET APIs) and how to review them during code reviews, threat modeling, or security assessments.\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8480?\f1  \f2 STRIDE Category: Tampering (Backend-Focused)\par
\f0\u-10180?\u-8273?\f1  \f2 What is Tampering?\par
\par
    Tampering involves unauthorized modification of data, requests, or system behavior \f1\emdash  \f2 either in transit, at rest, or within application logic.\par
\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8959?\f1  \f2 Threat Review Approach for Tampering\par
Step\tab Review Target\tab What to Ask\par
\f3 1\u-497?\f4\u8419?\f2\tab API inputs (query, path, body)\tab Can inputs be altered to access or modify unintended data?\par
\f3 2\u-497?\f4\u8419?\f2\tab Headers and cookies\tab Are any security decisions made based on modifiable headers?\par
\f3 3\u-497?\f4\u8419?\f2\tab Database operations\tab Are user inputs used in SQL queries without proper handling?\par
\f3 4\u-497?\f4\u8419?\f2\tab Object deserialization\tab Can attacker manipulate serialized payloads?\par
\f3 5\u-497?\f4\u8419?\f2\tab Trust boundaries\tab Are you trusting unverified data from clients or third parties?\par
\f0\u-10178?\u-8728?\f1  \f2 Backend Tampering Threats + Mitigating Controls\par
#\tab Threat\tab How It Happens\tab\f4\u9989?\f1  \f2 Mitigation\par
1\tab Parameter tampering\tab Attacker changes userId in request (PUT /users/2) to modify someone else\f1\rquote\f2 s data\tab\f0\u-10179?\u-8942?\f1  \f2 Validate object ownership on server (e.g., user.Id == request.UserId)\par
2\tab Query string tampering\tab Changes filters, paging, or internal flags (e.g., ?admin=true)\tab\f0\u-10179?\u-8944?\f1  \f2 Never expose sensitive query flags; re-check roles/permissions server-side\par
3\tab Header tampering\tab Spoofs X-UserId, X-Role headers if backend trusts them\tab\f4\u10060?\f1  \f2 Never trust identity-related headers from client unless added by trusted proxy\par
4\tab Cookie tampering\tab Modifies client-side cookies to elevate access\tab\f0\u-10179?\u-8944?\f1  \f2 Use signed & encrypted cookies or HttpOnly/Secure cookies\par
5\tab SQL Injection\tab Injects SQL via raw inputs\tab\f4\u9989?\f1  \f2 Use parameterized queries or ORM (e.g., Entity Framework)\par
6\tab JSON/XML tampering\tab Alters payload schema or adds malicious fields\tab\f4\u9989?\f1  \f2 Use strict JSON schema validation; reject unknown fields\par
7\tab Deserialization attacks\tab Sends crafted serialized objects to exploit backend logic\tab\f0\u-10179?\u-8944?\f1  \f2 Avoid insecure deserialization (e.g., BinaryFormatter); whitelist allowed types\par
8\tab Tampering with config via env vars or headers\tab Overrides behavior via unsafe config mechanisms\tab\f0\u-10179?\u-8942?\f1  \f2 Validate critical config sources; restrict environment overrides in production\par
9\tab File path manipulation\tab Uploads file with ../../../ to access server paths\tab\f4\u9989?\f1  \f2 Sanitize and validate file paths and names; use path restrictions\par
\f4\u9989?\f1  \f2 Mitigating Controls by Layer\par
Layer\tab Control\par
API Layer\tab - Validate all inputs (length, format, type)\par
- Use model binding validation attributes (e.g., [Required], [Range])\par
Authorization Layer\tab - Enforce object/resource ownership\par
- Never rely on client input for role/privilege decisions\par
Data Access Layer\tab - Use parameterized queries\par
- Avoid building SQL via string concatenation\par
Serialization/Deserialization\tab - Use JSON schema validation\par
- Avoid insecure deserializers\par
Infrastructure/Headers\tab - Ignore untrusted headers unless from verified proxy\par
- Use reverse proxies to strip/add only safe headers\par
Files\tab - Sanitize filenames\par
- Restrict uploads to known paths\par
- Limit file types and extensions\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8947?\f1  \f2 Code Review Checklist for Tampering\par
\f4\u9989?\f2\tab Check\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8987?\f2\tab Are inputs validated for length, type, range, and format?\par
\f0\u-10178?\u-8708?\f2\tab Are all SQL queries parameterized or using ORM?\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8944?\f2\tab Is user authorization checked for all resource-modifying operations?\par
\f0\u-10178?\u-8706?\f2\tab Are request headers validated/sanitized?\par
\f0\u-10178?\u-8719?\f2\tab Are there any deserialization operations? If yes, are they safe and restricted?\par
\f0\u-10178?\u-8724?\f2\tab Is JSON schema validation applied on API request bodies?\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-9022?\f2\tab Are file names/paths validated before saving/uploading?\par
\f0\u-10178?\u-8720?\f2\tab Is there logging for invalid or tampered requests?\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
Focusing on backend changes and the Repudiation category of STRIDE, here\f1\rquote\f2 s how you can review related threats and apply mitigating controls.\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8947?\f1  \f2 What is Repudiation?\par
\par
Repudiation occurs when an attacker or user denies performing an action, and the system lacks sufficient evidence to prove otherwise. This impacts accountability and non-repudiation.\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8959?\f1  \f2 Reviewing Repudiation Threats in Backend\par
Step\tab What to Review\tab Details\par
\f3 1\u-497?\f4\u8419?\f2\tab Audit Logging\tab Are all sensitive or critical actions logged with user ID, timestamp, and context?\par
\f3 2\u-497?\f4\u8419?\f2\tab Log Integrity\tab Are logs protected from tampering or unauthorized deletion?\par
\f3 3\u-497?\f4\u8419?\f2\tab Traceability\tab Can you trace an action back to a specific authenticated user or system?\par
\f3 4\u-497?\f4\u8419?\f2\tab Authentication Coverage\tab Are all endpoints requiring authentication to avoid anonymous actions?\par
\f3 5\u-497?\f4\u8419?\f2\tab Log Access Controls\tab Who can view or modify logs? Are logs centralized and access-restricted?\par
\f0\u-10178?\u-8728?\f1  \f2 Common Repudiation Threats + Controls\par
#\tab Threat\tab How It Happens\tab\f4\u9989?\f1  \f2 Mitigating Controls\par
1\tab Missing audit logs\tab No record of who performed sensitive actions (e.g., data modification)\tab\f4\u9989?\f1  \f2 Implement detailed audit logs with user identity, IP, timestamp, action details\par
2\tab Logs can be altered or deleted\tab Attackers or insiders modify logs to hide activity\tab\f4\u9989?\f1  \f2 Use append-only logging, write-once storage, or centralized logging services\par
3\tab Anonymous or unauthenticated actions\tab Critical operations allowed without login or token\tab\f4\u9989?\f1  \f2 Require authentication on all sensitive endpoints\par
4\tab Lack of correlation IDs\tab Cannot tie logs and requests across microservices\tab\f4\u9989?\f1  \f2 Use correlation IDs in request headers to trace activities end-to-end\par
5\tab Poor log retention or backup\tab Logs lost or unavailable during investigations\tab\f4\u9989?\f1  \f2 Enforce log retention policies and offsite backups\par
6\tab No alerting on suspicious activities\tab Suspicious actions go unnoticed\tab\f4\u9989?\f1  \f2 Implement anomaly detection and alerting on unusual log patterns\par
\f4\u9989?\f1  \f2 Repudiation Best Practices\par
Area\tab Recommended Controls\par
Logging\tab Centralized, immutable logging with detailed context\par
Authentication\tab Enforce authentication and strong identity verification\par
Access Controls\tab Restrict who can view or edit logs; implement role-based access\par
Traceability\tab Use unique correlation IDs and trace logs across systems\par
Retention\tab Define retention period per compliance needs (e.g., GDPR, HIPAA)\par
Alerting & Monitoring\tab Setup real-time monitoring and alerts for anomalies\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8947?\f1  \f2 Code Review / Security Assessment Checklist\par
\f4\u9989?\f2\tab Check\par
\f0\u-10178?\u-8706?\f2\tab Are all sensitive user actions logged with identity and timestamp?\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8942?\f2\tab Are logs protected from tampering (write-once, append-only, or centralized)?\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8944?\f2\tab Are all sensitive endpoints protected by authentication and authorization?\par
\f3\u-10179?\u-8843?\u-497?\f2\tab Are correlation IDs used to trace requests through the system?\par
\f3\u-10179?\u-8848?\u-497?\f2\tab Is log retention and archival handled according to policy?\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8536?\f2\tab Are there alerts for suspicious or repeated failed activities?\par
\par
\par
So in this case, lets focus on backend changes, what are some of the possible ways to review threats related to Information Disclosure and its mitigating controls \par
ChatGPT said:\par
\par
Absolutely! Let\f1\rquote\f2 s focus on Information Disclosure threats related to backend changes and how to review them effectively along with key mitigations.\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8947?\f1  \f2 What is Information Disclosure?\par
\par
Information Disclosure occurs when sensitive or confidential information is exposed to unauthorized users, either intentionally or accidentally.\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8959?\f1  \f2 Reviewing Information Disclosure Threats in Backend\par
Step\tab What to Review\tab Details\par
\f3 1\u-497?\f4\u8419?\f2\tab Error Handling\tab Are stack traces, debug info, or internal errors exposed in API responses?\par
\f3 2\u-497?\f4\u8419?\f2\tab Data Exposure in Responses\tab Is sensitive data (PII, credentials, secrets) included in API outputs?\par
\f3 3\u-497?\f4\u8419?\f2\tab Configuration Exposure\tab Are secrets, keys, or internal configs exposed via API or logs?\par
\f3 4\u-497?\f4\u8419?\f2\tab Logging Practices\tab Are sensitive values logged in plain text?\par
\f3 5\u-497?\f4\u8419?\f2\tab Access Controls on Data\tab Are sensitive fields protected by authorization checks?\par
\f3 6\u-497?\f4\u8419?\f2\tab Metadata Exposure\tab Does API reveal internal info like database schema, software versions?\par
\f0\u-10178?\u-8728?\f1  \f2 Common Information Disclosure Threats + Controls\par
#\tab Threat\tab How It Happens\tab\f4\u9989?\f1  \f2 Mitigations\par
1\tab Detailed error messages\tab API returns full stack trace or internal exception\tab\f4\u9989?\f1  \f2 Implement global error handling middleware to return sanitized errors\par
2\tab Sensitive data in API response\tab Returning PII or secret keys in JSON responses\tab\f4\u9989?\f1  \f2 Apply response filtering and data masking; enforce field-level authorization\par
3\tab Exposure of configuration values\tab Exposing secrets via environment variables or config endpoints\tab\f4\u9989?\f1  \f2 Secure config management; do not expose internal configs via APIs\par
4\tab Sensitive data in logs\tab Logging passwords, tokens, or PII in cleartext\tab\f4\u9989?\f1  \f2 Mask or redact sensitive data in logs; follow logging guidelines\par
5\tab Metadata or version info leaks\tab API or headers reveal backend tech/version info\tab\f4\u9989?\f1  \f2 Disable verbose headers and metadata endpoints in production\par
6\tab Over-permissive CORS\tab Allows cross-origin reads from untrusted domains\tab\f4\u9989?\f1  \f2 Restrict CORS policies to trusted origins only\par
\f4\u9989?\f1  \f2 Best Practices & Mitigations\par
Area\tab Controls\par
Error Handling\tab Use custom error pages and generic error messages in APIs\par
Data Filtering\tab Implement DTOs or ViewModels that exclude sensitive fields\par
Config Management\tab Store secrets securely (e.g., Azure Key Vault, AWS Secrets Manager)\par
Logging\tab Scrub logs of sensitive info, encrypt logs if needed\par
CORS & Headers\tab Strict CORS policy, remove Server and X-Powered-By headers\par
Access Controls\tab Use RBAC and attribute-level security for sensitive data\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8947?\f1  \f2 Code Review / Security Assessment Checklist\par
\f4\u9989?\f2\tab Check\par
\f4\u10060?\f2\tab Are stack traces or detailed errors returned to clients?\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8944?\f2\tab Are sensitive fields excluded or masked in API responses?\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8942?\f2\tab Are secrets/configuration values protected and never exposed?\par
\f0\u-10178?\u-8706?\f2\tab Are logs reviewed for sensitive information leakage?\par
\f0\u-10180?\u-8432?\f2\tab Is CORS restricted to known/trusted origins?\par
\f3\u-10179?\u-8479?\u-497?\f2\tab Are HTTP headers sanitized to hide server info?\par
\par
\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8947?\f1  \f2 What is Denial of Service?\par
\par
Denial of Service occurs when an attacker exhausts resources (CPU, memory, bandwidth) or overwhelms the backend, causing legitimate requests to fail or degrade performance.\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8959?\f1  \f2 Reviewing DoS Threats in Backend\par
Step\tab What to Review\tab Details\par
\f3 1\u-497?\f4\u8419?\f2\tab API Endpoint Load\tab Are any endpoints computationally expensive or unbounded?\par
\f3 2\u-497?\f4\u8419?\f2\tab Input Validation\tab Can large or deeply nested payloads cause excessive resource use?\par
\f3 3\u-497?\f4\u8419?\f2\tab Rate Limiting\tab Is there protection against excessive requests from one client/IP?\par
\f3 4\u-497?\f4\u8419?\f2\tab Resource Management\tab Are file uploads restricted in size/type?\par
\f3 5\u-497?\f4\u8419?\f2\tab Third-party Calls\tab Could external service calls cause cascading delays or failures?\par
\f3 6\u-497?\f4\u8419?\f2\tab Caching & Throttling\tab Are caching and throttling mechanisms in place?\par
\f0\u-10178?\u-8728?\f1  \f2 Common Denial of Service Threats + Controls\par
#\tab Threat\tab How It Happens\tab\f4\u9989?\f1  \f2 Mitigation Controls\par
1\tab Flood of API calls\tab Attacker sends many requests, exhausting server CPU or bandwidth\tab\f0\u-10179?\u-8942?\f1  \f2 Implement rate limiting (per IP/user), API throttling\par
2\tab Large or malicious payloads\tab Sends huge JSON/XML causing memory exhaustion or parser crash\tab\f4\u9989?\f1  \f2 Enforce payload size limits and depth restrictions\par
3\tab Expensive queries or loops\tab Requests that trigger slow DB queries or infinite loops\tab\f4\u9989?\f1  \f2 Optimize queries, add query timeouts and max execution time\par
4\tab File upload abuse\tab Uploading very large or many files to exhaust disk/storage\tab\f4\u9989?\f1  \f2 Limit file size and type; use virus scanning\par
5\tab Slowloris-style attacks\tab Partial requests kept open, consuming connections\tab\f0\u-10179?\u-8944?\f1  \f2 Use reverse proxy/web server protections and timeouts\par
6\tab Resource exhaustion in dependencies\tab External service call delays cascade\tab\f4\u9989?\f1  \f2 Use circuit breakers and timeouts for external calls\par
\f4\u9989?\f1  \f2 Best Practices for Denial of Service Mitigation\par
Area\tab Controls\par
Rate Limiting\tab Use API gateways, middleware to limit calls per user/IP\par
Payload Validation\tab Restrict max payload size and validate input structure\par
Timeouts\tab Set request, DB query, and external call timeouts\par
Caching\tab Cache frequent responses to reduce load\par
File Handling\tab Limit upload sizes, types, and scan files\par
Network\tab Use firewalls, WAF, and DDoS protection services (e.g., AWS Shield)\par
Monitoring\tab Monitor traffic patterns and alert on anomalies\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8947?\f1  \f2 Code Review / Security Assessment Checklist\par
\f4\u9989?\f2\tab Check\par
\f3\u9201?\u-497?\f2\tab Are rate limits applied on all public or heavy-use APIs?\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8986?\f2\tab Is payload size validated and limited?\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-9026?\f2\tab Are file uploads restricted and scanned?\par
\f0\u-10178?\u-8711?\f2\tab Are slow or expensive DB queries optimized or limited?\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8956?\f2\tab Are circuit breakers/timeouts used for external calls?\par
\f3\u-10179?\u-8479?\u-497?\f2\tab Are network-level DoS protections configured?\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8947?\f1  \f2 What is Elevation of Privilege?\par
\par
Elevation of Privilege occurs when an attacker or user gains higher access or permissions than authorized\f1\emdash\f2 allowing unauthorized actions or data access.\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8959?\f1  \f2 Reviewing Elevation of Privilege Threats in Backend\par
Step\tab What to Review\tab Details\par
\f3 1\u-497?\f4\u8419?\f2\tab Role & Permission Checks\tab Are authorization checks consistently applied on sensitive endpoints?\par
\f3 2\u-497?\f4\u8419?\f2\tab Token & Claims Validation\tab Are roles/claims validated and verified server-side?\par
\f3 3\u-497?\f4\u8419?\f2\tab Privilege Boundaries\tab Are privilege boundaries well-defined and enforced?\par
\f3 4\u-497?\f4\u8419?\f2\tab Admin & System APIs\tab Are management endpoints protected and restricted?\par
\f3 5\u-497?\f4\u8419?\f2\tab Least Privilege Principle\tab Are users, services, and tokens granted only necessary permissions?\par
\f3 6\u-497?\f4\u8419?\f2\tab Elevation Attack Vectors\tab Check for logic flaws allowing privilege escalation (e.g., parameter tampering)\par
\f0\u-10178?\u-8728?\f1  \f2 Common Elevation of Privilege Threats + Controls\par
#\tab Threat\tab How It Happens\tab\f4\u9989?\f1  \f2 Mitigating Controls\par
1\tab Missing or weak role checks\tab API endpoint accessible without proper role validation\tab\f0\u-10179?\u-8942?\f1  \f2 Use [Authorize(Roles = "...")] or custom policies on all sensitive APIs\par
2\tab Tampering with roles in token claims\tab Attacker modifies role in JWT or request to escalate privileges\tab\f0\u-10179?\u-8944?\f1  \f2 Validate claims server-side and never trust client-supplied roles\par
3\tab Insecure default roles\tab New users get admin or overly permissive roles by default\tab\f4\u9989?\f1  \f2 Enforce secure default roles with minimal privileges\par
4\tab Unprotected admin endpoints\tab Admin or debug APIs exposed without authentication\tab\f0\u-10179?\u-8942?\f1  \f2 Restrict access via network controls and authentication\par
5\tab Broken object-level authorization\tab User accesses or modifies objects they don\f1\rquote\f2 t own\tab\f4\u9989?\f1  \f2 Implement ownership checks on every resource access\par
6\tab Abuse of service accounts or tokens\tab Tokens issued with excessive rights\tab\f0\u-10179?\u-8943?\f1  \f2 Follow least privilege; issue scoped tokens with minimal permissions\par
7\tab Flawed privilege elevation via logic bugs\tab Application logic bypasses authorization checks under certain conditions\tab\f3\u-10179?\u-8480?\u-497?\f1  \f2 Conduct thorough code reviews and security testing\par
\f4\u9989?\f1  \f2 Best Practices for Elevation of Privilege Mitigation\par
Area\tab Controls\par
Authorization\tab Enforce role-based or claim-based authorization consistently\par
Token Security\tab Use signed tokens, validate claims, avoid client role trust\par
Least Privilege\tab Grant minimal privileges and segregate duties\par
Secure Defaults\tab Apply secure default roles and permissions\par
Audit & Monitoring\tab Log privileged actions and monitor anomalies\par
Admin Protection\tab Restrict admin APIs/network access to trusted users\par
Security Testing\tab Perform privilege escalation testing (manual and automated)\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8947?\f1  \f2 Code Review / Security Assessment Checklist\par
\f4\u9989?\f2\tab Check\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8942?\f2\tab Are all privileged endpoints protected with proper role checks?\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8943?\f2\tab Are token claims validated and never blindly trusted?\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8533?\f2\tab Are default roles assigned securely?\par
\f3\u-10179?\u-8843?\u-497?\f2\tab Are object ownership and permission checks implemented?\par
\f3\u-10179?\u-8480?\u-497?\f2\tab Have you tested for logic flaws that allow privilege escalation?\par
\f0\u-10179?\u-8996?\f2\tab Are admin/debug endpoints protected and access-limited?\par
}
 